He's a suicidal ninja hairdresser plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a lonely neurotic filmmaker plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a jaded arachnophobic werewolf plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a jaded arachnophobic werewolf plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a bookish neurotic hairdresser plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a maverick albino master criminal haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's a notorious umbrella-wielding cowboy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's a suicidal neurotic card sharp whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a fiendish hunchbacked barbarian plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's an old-fashioned one-eyed cyborg plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a scrappy skateboarding firefighter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's an underprivileged dishevelled cop plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a scrappy day-dreaming photographer plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a genetically engineered umbrella-wielding inventor plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's an impetuous white trash card sharp plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a scarfaced devious cat burglar plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's an old-fashioned one-eyed cyborg plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a scrappy skateboarding firefighter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a hate-fuelled alcoholic inventor plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a deeply religious playboy card sharp plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a bookish soccer-playing messiah plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a one-legged guerilla gangster plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a suicidal alcoholic rock star from a doomed world.
He's a short-sighted arachnophobic librarian haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's a short-sighted Jewish gangster haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's a suicidal albino senator on the wrong side of the law.
He's a suicidal Catholic barbarian who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a benighted playboy dog-catcher haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's a fast talking white trash grifter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's a deeply religious drug-addicted cowboy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's an ungodly flyboy stage actor haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's a one-legged dishevelled farmboy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's an obese moralistic sorceror haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's a war-weary vegetarian househusband haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's a gun-slinging albino firefighter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's a fast talking white trash grifter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's a fiendish sweet-toothed waffle chef haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's an underprivileged chivalrous farmboy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's a hate-fuelled bohemian firefighter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's a globe-trotting umbrella-wielding master criminal looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a suave crooked househusband plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a lonely dishevelled jungle king from a doomed world.
He's an ungodly overambitious master criminal whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an otherworldly zombie master criminal whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a lounge-singing pirate master criminal who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a lounge-singing drug-addicted master criminal on the wrong side of the law.
He's an otherworldly Amish master criminal on the wrong side of the law.
He's a notorious native American stage actor gone bad.
He's a suicidal devious cyborg in drag.
He's a notorious zombie master criminal on the run.
He's a jaded skateboarding farmboy looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's an uncontrollable playboy assassin looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a suicidal misogynist hairdresser moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an uncontrollable misogynist jungle king looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's an uncontrollable playboy assassin looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a notorious pirate rock star haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a notorious one-eyed boxer who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a notorious amnesiac messiah haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a jaded one-eyed paramedic who believes he can never love again.
He's a jaded bohemian sorceror who believes he can never love again.
He's a maverick neurotic master criminal in a wheelchair.
He's a short-sighted Amish grifter gone bad.
He's a short-sighted skateboarding paranormal investigator gone bad.
He's a short-sighted voodoo farmboy gone bad.
He's an uncontrollable small-town farmboy haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an immortal neurotic ex-con from a doomed world.
He's a lonely hunchbacked farmboy who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a globe-trotting neurotic paranormal investigator whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an uncontrollable small-town farmboy haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an immortal neurotic ex-con from a doomed world.
He's a short-sighted flyboy Green Beret who believes he can never love again.
He's a suicidal zombie cat burglar possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a suicidal chivalrous grifter with a secret.
He's a shy skateboarding vagrant looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a suicidal one-eyed farmboy with acid for blood.
He's a suicidal guerilla waffle chef living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a suicidal devious matador on the edge.
He's a suicidal amnesiac ex-con in a wheelchair.
He's a suicidal bohemian ex-con from the Mississippi delta.
He's a shy skateboarding vagrant looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a suicidal playboy werewolf with a secret.
He's a suicidal Republican cat burglar with acid for blood.
He's a suicidal vegetarian vampire hunter with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a suicidal Republican cat burglar with acid for blood.
He's a shy pirate matador trapped in a world he never made.
He's an uncontrollable neurotic rock star moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a shy pirate grifter trapped in a world he never made.
He's an ungodly Republican master criminal in drag.
He's a short-sighted bohemian matador on the wrong side of the law.
He's a short-sighted one-eyed librarian who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a notorious neurotic Green Beret living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an unconventional chivalrous stage actor from a doomed world.
He's a globe-trotting flyboy filmmaker from a doomed world.
He's an old-fashioned albino boxer from a doomed world.
He's a hate-fuelled arachnophobic gangster from a doomed world.
He's a maverick drug-addicted shaman from a doomed world.
He's a benighted alcoholic cyborg from a doomed world.
He's a shy Amish rock star whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a scarfaced dishevelled vagrant from a doomed world.
He's a fast talking devious messiah from a doomed world.
He's a sword-wielding flyboy card sharp from a doomed world.
He's a leather-clad Amish rock star from a doomed world.
He's a hate-fuelled moralistic photographer from a doomed world.
He's a suicidal dishevelled romance novelist whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a time-tossed albino master criminal who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an uncontrollable sweet-toothed shaman searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a suicidal amnesiac romance novelist who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a lonely dishevelled gangster searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a war-weary neurotic cyborg searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a lonely neurotic ex-con with a secret.
He's a jaded misogynist grifter with no name.
He's a jaded day-dreaming sorceror with no name.
He's a jaded Amish farmboy on a search for his missing sister.
He's an unconventional moralistic gangster looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a bookish alcoholic dog-catcher looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a time-tossed ninja messiah looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a deeply religious day-dreaming paramedic looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a leather-clad white trash card sharp gone bad.
He's a time-tossed soccer-playing boxer looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's an obese Republican card sharp gone bad.
He's an unconventional drug-addicted shaman looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's an impetuous native American astronaut looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a globe-trotting bohemian rock star looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a scarfaced drug-addicted inventor gone bad.
He's a world-famous chivalrous librarian gone bad.
He's a scarfaced moralistic matador gone bad.
He's a world-famous drug-addicted vagrant gone bad.
He's a time-tossed guerilla paramedic looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a maverick Republican dog-catcher looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a scrappy misogynist shaman gone bad.
He's a genetically engineered amnesiac gentleman spy looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a leather-clad white trash card sharp gone bad.
He's a time-tossed soccer-playing boxer looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a war-weary overambitious cat burglar gone bad.
He's a genetically engineered arachnophobic vagrant gone bad.
He's a fast talking soccer-playing shaman gone bad.
He's an unconventional small-town jungle king gone bad.
He's a fast talking amnesiac filmmaker looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a one-legged albino jungle king gone bad.
He's an old-fashioned alcoholic inventor looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a hate-fuelled drug-addicted stage actor gone bad.
He's a leather-clad alcoholic Green Beret looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a war-weary shark-wrestling grifter gone bad.
He's a fast talking zombie master criminal on the edge.
He's a deeply religious guitar-strumming paranormal investigator trapped in a world he never made.
He's a benighted Catholic master criminal for the 21st century.
He's a suicidal Catholic ex-con on a mission from God.
He's a maverick guerilla master criminal from the 'hood.
He's a fiendish overambitious stage actor trapped in a world he never made.
He's a time-tossed voodoo vagrant trapped in a world he never made.
He's a genetically engineered Republican househusband trapped in a world he never made.
He's an ungodly Republican master criminal fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a gun-slinging Republican vampire hunter trapped in a world he never made.
He's an underprivileged overambitious cyborg trapped in a world he never made.
He's an unconventional white trash vagrant trapped in a world he never made.
He's a maverick sweet-toothed stage actor trapped in a world he never made. 
He's a globe-trotting small-town astronaut trapped in a world he never made.
He's an oversexed devious paranormal investigator who believes he can never love again.
He's a sword-wielding Republican messiah who believes he can never love again.
He's a globe-trotting zombie filmmaker who believes he can never love again.
He's a genetically engineered native American werewolf who believes he can never love again.
He's an old-fashioned guitar-strumming card sharp who believes he can never love again.
He's an obese small-town rock star who believes he can never love again.
He's a benighted overambitious boxer who believes he can never love again.
He's a leather-clad bohemian matador who believes he can never love again.
He's a sword-wielding Republican messiah who believes he can never love again.
He's an unconventional Republican paramedic who believes he can never love again.
He's a witless coffee-fuelled waffle chef who believes he can never love again.
He's an otherworldly zombie vagrant who believes he can never love again.
He's a bookish guitar-strumming inventor who believes he can never love again.
He's a benighted amnesiac stage actor who believes he can never love again.
He's a fiendish drug-addicted vampire hunter who believes he can never love again.
He's a hate-fuelled skateboarding jungle king who believes he can never love again.
He's a globe-trotting Amish gentleman spy who believes he can never love again.
He's a globe-trotting neurotic senator in drag.
He's a suicidal white trash farmboy with nothing left to lose.
He's a one-legged umbrella-wielding stage actor whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a Nobel prize-winning crooked filmmaker whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a time-tossed devious gangster whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a scrappy voodoo librarian whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a genetically engineered voodoo senator whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a bookish bohemian hairdresser whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an uncontrollable guitar-strumming messiah who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a one-legged umbrella-wielding stage actor whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an unconventional white trash cowboy whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an old-fashioned voodoo filmmaker whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a scrappy skateboarding photographer whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an ungodly zombie paranormal investigator whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a shy Republican dwarf with no name.
He's a Nobel prize-winning Amish matador whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a lounge-singing zombie paramedic whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a shy arachnophobic photographer with no name.
He's an obese gay cop who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's an impetuous umbrella-wielding sorceror on the wrong side of the law.
He's a fast talking sweet-toothed cat burglar haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an old-fashioned shark-wrestling inventor who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a jaded chivalrous cowboy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a witless flyboy cowboy on the wrong side of the law.
He's a leather-clad ninja dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an underprivileged shark-wrestling assassin on the wrong side of the law.
He's an all-American vegetarian vampire hunter who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's an impetuous sweet-toothed werewolf on the wrong side of the law.
He's a witless pirate farmboy who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's an ungodly devious matador on the wrong side of the law.
He's a fiendish small-town photographer on the wrong side of the law.
He's a maverick hunchbacked vampire hunter haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an oversexed misogynist photographer who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a world-famous misogynist astronaut haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an ungodly guitar-strumming Green Beret haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a time-tossed chivalrous farmboy haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an all-American flyboy filmmaker on the wrong side of the law.
He's an obese sweet-toothed dwarf who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a sword-wielding pirate vagrant on the wrong side of the law.
He's a globe-trotting playboy gentleman spy who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a maverick shark-wrestling shaman on the wrong side of the law.
He's a jaded chivalrous cowboy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a witless flyboy cowboy on the wrong side of the law.
He's a leather-clad ninja dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a hate-fuelled misogynist farmboy on the wrong side of the law.
He's an old-fashioned coffee-fuelled barbarian who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a world-famous ninja cop haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a deeply religious shark-wrestling jungle king who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a lounge-singing Republican astronaut haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an old-fashioned playboy jungle king haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a hate-fuelled guitar-strumming librarian who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a bookish guitar-strumming hairdresser haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an unconventional sweet-toothed ex-con on the wrong side of the law.
He's an unconventional crooked vagrant haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a world-famous skateboarding dwarf haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a fiendish Catholic jungle king on the wrong side of the law.
He's a gun-slinging misogynist boxer on the wrong side of the law.
He's a scarfaced Republican dwarf who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a world-famous hunchbacked messiah on the wrong side of the law.
He's a leather-clad amnesiac gangster on the wrong side of the law.
He's a bookish crooked gentleman spy on the wrong side of the law.
He's a sword-wielding playboy barbarian on the wrong side of the law.
He's an uncontrollable guitar-strumming gentleman spy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a lonely voodoo vagrant moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a notorious Amish dog-catcher who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an old-fashioned neurotic librarian moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a short-sighted umbrella-wielding card sharp who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a notorious misogynist boxer possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a notorious playboy cop on the run.
He's a notorious shark-wrestling Green Beret looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a notorious albino firefighter from the 'hood.
He's an old-fashioned neurotic librarian moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a notorious Jewish cop for the 21st century.
He's a notorious small-town werewolf with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a notorious albino gangster looking for 'the Big One.
He's a notorious zombie assassin with a secret.
He's a notorious flyboy dwarf with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a shy sweet-toothed filmmaker who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a jaded coffee-fuelled matador for the 21st century.
He's a suave neurotic card sharp whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a jaded playboy vagrant with a secret.
He's a jaded vegetarian ex-con from the 'hood.
He's a jaded one-eyed dog-catcher living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a jaded flyboy cat burglar with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a jaded shark-wrestling messiah who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a jaded moralistic paranormal investigator looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a jaded moralistic boxer fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's an uncontrollable native American cat burglar for the 21st century.
He's a lonely native American paramedic on his last day in the job.
He's an uncontrollable drug-addicted barbarian for the 21st century.
He's an ungodly misogynist gangster searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a scrappy guerilla filmmaker searching for his wife's true killer.
He's an uncontrollable ninja cowboy who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a leather-clad dishevelled farmboy searching for his wife's true killer.
He's an uncontrollable misogynist househusband on the edge.
He's a lonely sweet-toothed vagrant who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a lonely Catholic paramedic on the run.
He's an uncontrollable guerilla werewolf with acid for blood.
He's a scrappy playboy cop searching for his wife's true killer.
He's an oversexed day-dreaming matador searching for his wife's true killer.
He's an impetuous zombie inventor searching for his wife's true killer.
He's an immortal native American assassin gone bad.
He's an uncontrollable shark-wrestling boxer fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a world-famous Catholic farmboy searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a fiendish shark-wrestling librarian searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a witless crooked card sharp searching for his wife's true killer.
He's an uncontrollable misogynist househusband on the edge.
He's a lonely sweet-toothed vagrant who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a lonely Catholic paramedic on the run.
He's a leather-clad Jewish cop searching for his wife's true killer.
He's an obese vegetarian barbarian searching for his wife's true killer.
He's an uncontrollable umbrella-wielding grifter.
He's a lonely soccer-playing werewolf fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a jaded white trash romance novelist gone bad.
He's an uncontrollable amnesiac paramedic who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a time-tossed playboy barbarian searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a hate-fuelled ninja gangster searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a lonely overambitious inventor with a secret.
He's a Nobel prize-winning guerilla grifter searching for his wife's true killer.
He's an ungodly day-dreaming barbarian searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a scarfaced Catholic vampire hunter searching for his wife's true killer.
He's an all-American neurotic jungle king in a wheelchair.
He's a maverick neurotic rock star from the Mississippi delta.
He's an uncontrollable Amish romance novelist gone bad.
He's an otherworldly neurotic werewolf looking for 'the Big One'.
He's an otherworldly neurotic card sharp with a secret.
He's a time-tossed neurotic househusband looking for 'the Big One'.
He's an all-American neurotic jungle king in a wheelchair.
He's an obese neurotic paranormal investigator on the run.
He's a short-sighted chivalrous assassin from the 'hood.
He's an underprivileged Amish firefighter on a search for his missing sister.
He's a Nobel prize-winning Jewish shaman on a search for his missing sister.
He's a hate-fuelled Catholic librarian on a search for his missing sister.
He's an otherworldly vegetarian vampire hunter on a search for his missing sister.
He's a deeply religious day-dreaming farmboy with no name.
He's a hate-fuelled sweet-toothed paramedic with no name.
He's a short-sighted misogynist astronaut who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's an ungodly amnesiac photographer on a search for his missing sister.
He's an unconventional moralistic cop on a search for his missing sister.
He's an ungodly soccer-playing librarian on a search for his missing sister.
He's a short-sighted soccer-playing inventor.
He's an impetuous playboy vampire hunter with no name.
He's a short-sighted skateboarding cop on his last day in the job.
He's a war-weary drug-addicted vagrant with no name.
He's a war-weary Catholic matador with no name.
He's a short-sighted overambitious househusband for the 21st century.
He's a hate-fuelled Jewish cat burglar on a search for his missing sister.
He's an otherworldly day-dreaming gentleman spy on a search for his missing sister.
He's a globe-trotting hunchbacked paranormal investigator on a search for his missing sister.
He's a gun-slinging guerilla vampire hunter with no name.
He's a short-sighted hunchbacked cowboy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a world-famous guitar-strumming shaman on a search for his missing sister.
He's a leather-clad overambitious card sharp on a search for his missing sister.
He's a short-sighted amnesiac waffle chef from the Mississippi delta.
He's a war-weary alcoholic firefighter with no name.
He's an ungodly guerilla firefighter on a search for his missing sister.
He's a short-sighted day-dreaming cop who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an impetuous voodoo ex-con with no name
He's a short-sighted pirate rock star on the edge.
He's a short-sighted overambitious rock star from the Mississippi delta.
He's a deeply religious bohemian senator with no name.
He's an oversexed guerilla firefighter with no name.
He's a short-sighted sweet-toothed rock star on the run.
He's a short-sighted white trash stage actor on the edge.
He's an impetuous soccer-playing farmboy with no name.
He's an underprivileged moralistic vampire hunter with no name.
He's a one-legged guerilla Green Beret with no name.
He's a scarfaced gay hairdresser with no name.
He's an oversexed sweet-toothed vampire hunter with no name.
He's a short-sighted umbrella-wielding dwarf in a wheelchair.
He's an ungodly small-town grifter on a search for his missing sister.
He's a fiendish dishevelled astronaut on a search for his missing sister.
He's a short-sighted overambitious paranormal investigator in a wheelchair.
He's a genetically engineered small-town inventor on a search for his missing sister.
He's a scarfaced devious grifter on a search for his missing sister.
He's an otherworldly albino shaman on a search for his missing sister.
He's a world-famous Jewish werewolf on a search for his missing sister.
He's a lounge-singing hunchbacked househusband with no name.
He's an old-fashioned white trash dwarf on a search for his missing sister.
He's an immortal guerilla cop on the wrong side of the law.
He's a shy amnesiac cyborg living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a shy albino vagrant for the 21st century.
He's a shy Jewish cyborg looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a shy shark-wrestling cop on his last day in the job.
He's a shy devious barbarian with acid for blood.
He's a shy Catholic senator with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a shy ninja cop.
He's a shy soccer-playing jungle king possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a shy small-town rock star who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a shy chivalrous dog-catcher possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's an oversexed small-town barbarian in drag.
He's an oversexed white trash cyborg in drag.
He's a fiendish misogynist photographer in drag.
He's a witless coffee-fuelled werewolf in drag.
He's an underprivileged drug-addicted barbarian in drag.
He's a war-weary moralistic cowboy in drag.
He's an otherworldly shark-wrestling vampire hunter in drag.
He's a fiendish misogynist photographer in drag.
He's a witless coffee-fuelled werewolf in drag.
He's an underprivileged drug-addicted barbarian in drag.
He's a one-legged guitar-strumming boxer in drag.
He's a scarfaced drug-addicted dog-catcher in drag.
He's a Nobel prize-winning gay boxer in drag.
He's a world-famous shark-wrestling barbarian who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a one-legged Amish househusband who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an underprivileged small-town Green Beret who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an obese white trash stage actor who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a benighted coffee-fuelled cowboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a hate-fuelled overambitious astronaut who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a deeply religious umbrella-wielding cowboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a maverick guitar-strumming cat burglar who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an ungodly Jewish cyborg who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a fast talking day-dreaming farmboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a benighted coffee-fuelled cowboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a hate-fuelled overambitious astronaut who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a genetically engineered overambitious dwarf who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a maverick small-town cat burglar who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an underprivileged Jewish senator who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an unconventional small-town senator who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a genetically engineered coffee-fuelled boxer who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an oversexed small-town farmboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an all-American bohemian librarian moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a globe-trotting skateboarding stage actor moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a maverick guerilla card sharp moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a gun-slinging chivalrous astronaut moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an ungodly white trash dwarf moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an all-American bohemian librarian moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a globe-trotting skateboarding stage actor moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an obese playboy sorceror moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a fast talking crooked jungle king moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a one-legged sweet-toothed ex-con moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a sword-wielding coffee-fuelled cop moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an otherworldly Jewish librarian moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a leather-clad shark-wrestling filmmaker moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an otherworldly native American card sharp moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a suave ninja barbarian gone bad.
He's an all-American playboy cat burglar moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an underprivileged dishevelled gangster moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an unconventional crooked househusband moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a scarfaced alcoholic messiah moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an old-fashioned coffee-fuelled sorceror moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a one-legged guitar-strumming cop moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a scrappy shark-wrestling card sharp moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a suicidal umbrella-wielding vagrant on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's an uncontrollable Amish jungle king on a mission from God.
He's a suicidal umbrella-wielding vagrant on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's an immortal neurotic sorceror looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a suave Catholic messiah who believes he can never love again.
He's a jaded devious assassin with nothing left to lose.
He's an immortal Catholic photographer on a search for his missing sister.
He's a superhumanly strong misogynist gangster looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a superhumanly strong umbrella-wielding dog-catcher gone bad.
He's a superhumanly strong Republican werewolf gone bad.
He's a suave skateboarding Green Beret on the wrong side of the law.
He's a short-sighted one-eyed waffle chef on a mission from God.
He's a suave skateboarding Green Beret on the wrong side of the law.
He's a suave pirate photographer haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a lonely one-eyed romance novelist with no name.
He's a suave umbrella-wielding gentleman spy who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's an ungodly arachnophobic boxer who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an old-fashioned vegetarian assassin on his last day in the job.
He's an obese pirate gangster who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a maverick native American househusband fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a lounge-singing umbrella-wielding photographer living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a fiendish small-town grifter with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's an underprivileged moralistic gentleman spy who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a fiendish shark-wrestling waffle chef looking for 'the Big One'.
He's an old-fashioned small-town dog-catcher who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a time-tossed arachnophobic stage actor on his last day in the job.
He's a maverick amnesiac dwarf on the run.
He's a scrappy Republican vagrant with acid for blood.
He's a fast talking Amish card sharp with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's an oversexed day-dreaming assassin with a secret.
He's a lounge-singing bohemian grifter with acid for blood.
He's a one-legged Jewish barbarian fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's an ungodly gay filmmaker possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a leather-clad native American paranormal investigator looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a witless Catholic cat burglar with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's an all-American arachnophobic astronaut with acid for blood.
He's a leather-clad dishevelled card sharp with a secret.
He's an otherworldly gay gentleman spy with acid for blood.
He's a witless native American gangster.
He's a time-tossed small-town vagrant with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a benighted native American barbarian with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a globe-trotting alcoholic gentleman spy living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an oversexed coffee-fuelled grifter on his last day in the job.
He's a time-tossed chivalrous boxer from the Mississippi delta.
He's an ungodly soccer-playing rock star living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a fast talking coffee-fuelled cowboy for the 21st century.
He's a world-famous guitar-strumming barbarian in a wheelchair.
He's an old-fashioned chivalrous paramedic in a wheelchair.
He's a witless gay househusband.
He's a time-tossed gay jungle king with a secret.
He's a bookish guitar-strumming rock star looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a one-legged native American librarian in a wheelchair.
He's an obese small-town vampire hunter on the run.
He's an unconventional native American cop possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's an otherworldly skateboarding gentleman spy on the edge.
He's a lounge-singing hunchbacked astronaut with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a scrappy crooked hairdresser on his last day in the job.
He's an ungodly chivalrous paranormal investigator with acid for blood.
He's an unconventional moralistic paranormal investigator for the 21st century.
He's a deeply religious devious cyborg on the edge.
He's a bookish white trash sorceror.
He's a scrappy devious assassin looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a bookish day-dreaming paranormal investigator who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a war-weary Republican vampire hunter in a wheelchair.
He's an unconventional vegetarian photographer fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a hate-fuelled sweet-toothed librarian.
He's a scarfaced flyboy cowboy living undercover at Ringling Bros.
He's a scrappy skateboarding vampire hunter.
He's a one-legged hunchbacked firefighter with acid for blood.
He's a one-legged Jewish sorceror on the run.
He's an underprivileged bohemian matador on the edge.
He's an all-American voodoo cowboy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a Nobel prize-winning amnesiac waffle chef on the run.
He's an otherworldly pirate stage actor living undercover at Ringling Bros.
He's an ungodly moralistic librarian from the Mississippi delta.
He's a maverick Republican vagrant on the run.
He's an obese crooked messiah for the 21st century.
He's a gun-slinging hunchbacked hairdresser on the edge.
He's an ungodly bohemian astronaut on the edge.
He's a deeply religious devious firefighter.
He's a fiendish coffee-fuelled paramedic who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a globe-trotting umbrella-wielding dog-catcher on the run.
He's an underprivileged dishevelled cowboy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a fast talking sweet-toothed vampire hunter from the 'hood.
He's a leather-clad coffee-fuelled househusband in a wheelchair.
He's a lounge-singing soccer-playing inventor from the Mississippi delta.
He's a maverick overambitious ex-con in a wheelchair.
He's an otherworldly small-town cop on the edge.
He's a leather-clad misogynist farmboy with acid for blood.
He's a one-legged zombie assassin for the 21st century.
He's a deeply religious white trash librarian in a wheelchair.
He's a benighted Amish paramedic.
He's a fast talking coffee-fuelled househusband with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a bookish moralistic gentleman spy.
He's a one-legged devious paranormal investigator in a wheelchair.
He's a hate-fuelled albino photographer living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a scarfaced albino dwarf from the 'hood.
He's a hate-fuelled arachnophobic cowboy with acid for blood.
He's an underprivileged chivalrous farmboy living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an impetuous chivalrous werewolf on the run.
He's an obese albino cyborg possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's an obese dishevelled paranormal investigator fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a one-legged day-dreaming cyborg with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's an unconventional gay assassin with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a witless chivalrous werewolf from the Mississippi delta.
He's a lounge-singing sweet-toothed jungle king in a wheelchair.
He's a time-tossed drug-addicted grifter living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an ungodly guerilla Green Beret looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a witless gay boxer looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a maverick one-eyed ex-con living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a world-famous soccer-playing filmmaker with acid for blood.
He's a one-legged overambitious librarian with a secret.
He's a gun-slinging one-eyed dog-catcher from the 'hood.
He's a genetically engineered skateboarding Green Beret with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a deeply religious one-eyed senator who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an old-fashioned amnesiac librarian for the 21st century.
He's a fiendish guerilla cyborg with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a genetically engineered devious grifter with a secret.
He's a benighted white trash vampire hunter with acid for blood.
He's an otherworldly bohemian sorceror possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's an otherworldly coffee-fuelled filmmaker from the Mississippi delta.
He's a maverick bohemian dog-catcher in a wheelchair.
He's an oversexed skateboarding rock star with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's an all-American soccer-playing farmboy on the run.
He's a scarfaced devious vagrant who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a deeply religious devious filmmaker for the 21st century.
He's an all-American playboy hairdresser possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a benighted soccer-playing stage actor with acid for blood.
He's an impetuous pirate ex-con fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a benighted native American senator with a secret.
He's a deeply religious Amish firefighter with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's an all-American Jewish stage actor possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a scrappy coffee-fuelled ex-con on the edge.
He's a scrappy guerilla card sharp from the Mississippi delta.
He's a genetically engineered voodoo cowboy from the Mississippi delta.
He's a scarfaced moralistic cop with a secret.
He's an otherworldly arachnophobic senator from the 'hood.
He's an impetuous chivalrous dog-catcher on the edge.
He's a time-tossed misogynist librarian who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's an all-American alcoholic cat burglar with a secret.
He's an oversexed guerilla werewolf who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a genetically engineered Catholic senator looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a war-weary shark-wrestling paranormal investigator looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a scarfaced chivalrous cop living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an obese small-town vampire hunter on the run.
He's an unconventional native American cop possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's an otherworldly skateboarding gentleman spy on the edge.
He's a lounge-singing hunchbacked astronaut with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a scrappy crooked hairdresser on his last day in the job.
He's an ungodly chivalrous paranormal investigator with acid for blood.
He's an unconventional moralistic paranormal investigator for the 21st century.
He's a deeply religious devious cyborg on the edge.
He's a bookish white trash sorceror.
He's a scrappy devious assassin looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a bookish day-dreaming paranormal investigator who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a benighted shark-wrestling farmboy with a secret.
He's a leather-clad zombie sorceror in a wheelchair.
He's a fast talking soccer-playing shaman who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a hate-fuelled flyboy assassin in a wheelchair.
He's a hate-fuelled vegetarian cop for the 21st century.
He's a genetically engineered sweet-toothed sorceror fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a war-weary Amish filmmaker in a wheelchair.
He's an underprivileged umbrella-wielding firefighter with a secret.
He's a genetically engineered drug-addicted firefighter fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a war-weary guerilla inventor with acid for blood
He's a witless guerilla jungle king with acid for blood.
He's an old-fashioned Amish sorceror possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a scarfaced arachnophobic cyborg possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a sword-wielding bohemian senator with acid for blood.
He's an obese sweet-toothed dwarf from the 'hood.
He's a one-legged Amish paranormal investigator possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a hate-fuelled vegetarian senator looking for 'the Big One.
He's a maverick soccer-playing cowboy on his last day in the job.
He's a gun-slinging ninja messiah who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a scarfaced sweet-toothed cyborg in a wheelchair.
He's a fiendish devious stage actor possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's an impetuous moralistic jungle king who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a bookish guerilla werewolf on the run.
He's an ungodly vegetarian ex-con in a wheelchair.
He's a scarfaced dishevelled astronaut on the edge.
He's an old-fashioned day-dreaming assassin looking for 'the Big One.
He's a world-famous ninja farmboy with acid for blood.
He's an otherworldly Amish vagrant on his last day in the job.
He's an old-fashioned hunchbacked rock star who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an all-American day-dreaming librarian who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a genetically engineered shark-wrestling farmboy on the edge.
He's a scrappy devious sorceror from the Mississippi delta.
He's an unconventional shark-wrestling barbarian possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a witless albino waffle chef from the 'hood.
He's a benighted skateboarding werewolf looking for 'the Big One'.
He's an old-fashioned alcoholic cat burglar possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a scrappy misogynist astronaut who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an obese overambitious messiah on the edge.
He's an unconventional white trash firefighter looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a genetically engineered gay farmboy in a wheelchair.
He's a world-famous crooked senator fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a scarfaced bohemian househusband with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a scarfaced coffee-fuelled messiah on his last day in the job.
He's an unconventional umbrella-wielding jungle king on the run.
He's a maverick white trash gangster on the run.
He's a scarfaced overambitious ex-con looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a gun-slinging sweet-toothed paranormal investigator in a wheelchair.
He's a benighted sweet-toothed photographer on the edge.
He's an all-American vegetarian househusband looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a lounge-singing shark-wrestling Green Beret who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a fast talking voodoo filmmaker from the Mississippi delta.
He's a world-famous day-dreaming assassin looking for 'the Big One'.
He's an ungodly playboy farmboy with a secret.
He's a lounge-singing vegetarian senator for the 21st century.
He's a gun-slinging amnesiac inventor with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's an underprivileged white trash cop.
He's a scarfaced vegetarian sorceror in a wheelchair.
He's a gun-slinging day-dreaming vagrant in a wheelchair.
He's an ungodly day-dreaming shaman from the 'hood.
He's an unconventional white trash waffle chef on the edge.
He's a fiendish hunchbacked cop with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a leather-clad ninja card sharp for the 21st century.
He's a world-famous coffee-fuelled vampire hunter with a secret.
He's an otherworldly overambitious ex-con with a secret.
He's an impetuous overambitious filmmaker with acid for blood.
He's an oversexed ninja firefighter with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a war-weary sweet-toothed ex-con with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's an all-American alcoholic dog-catcher who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a bookish hunchbacked vagrant in a wheelchair.
He's an obese native American cop who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's an impetuous umbrella-wielding gangster looking for 'the Big One.
He's an unconventional Jewish filmmaker fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's an underprivileged voodoo cowboy for the 21st century.
He's a benighted guerilla gangster with acid for blood.
He's a bookish devious barbarian who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a time-tossed dishevelled jungle king who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a genetically engineered crooked shaman with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a benighted Republican vagrant on his last day in the job.
He's a witless misogynist astronaut who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an unconventional bohemian paranormal investigator from the 'hood.
He's a fiendish Amish hairdresser on the edge.
He's an all-American soccer-playing farmboy from the 'hood.
He's a scrappy albino senator with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a benighted playboy firefighter.
He's a scrappy albino barbarian from the 'hood.
He's a sword-wielding dishevelled assassin on his last day in the job.
He's an unconventional crooked paranormal investigator from the Mississippi delta.
He's a hate-fuelled white trash boxer possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a hate-fuelled hunchbacked card sharp in a wheelchair.
He's an old-fashioned playboy hairdresser on the edge.
He's a lounge-singing bohemian photographer.
He's a gun-slinging umbrella-wielding card sharp in a wheelchair.
He's a fiendish guerilla rock star.
He's a scrappy Jewish filmmaker for the 21st century.
He's an otherworldly bohemian assassin with a secret.
He's a fiendish ninja cat burglar who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a leather-clad bohemian grifter looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a benighted alcoholic inventor with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's an obese chivalrous filmmaker on the run.
He's a world-famous devious vagrant from the Mississippi delta.
He's a Nobel prize-winning guitar-strumming filmmaker possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a scarfaced shark-wrestling werewolf.
He's a hate-fuelled moralistic grifter with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a superhumanly strong umbrella-wielding librarian whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an ungodly arachnophobic romance novelist trapped in a world he never made.
He's a superhumanly strong playboy cat burglar who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a superhumanly strong playboy cat burglar who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a superhumanly strong crooked paramedic haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a superhumanly strong guerilla cyborg haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a Nobel prize-winning Amish romance novelist who believes he can never love again.
He's an old-fashioned one-eyed romance novelist whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an immortal flyboy senator moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a suave moralistic vampire hunter searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a shy neurotic barbarian who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a superhumanly strong zombie senator searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a suave amnesiac farmboy on a search for his missing sister.
He's a superhumanly strong neurotic waffle chef who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an immortal pirate gangster who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's an immortal hunchbacked sorceror from the Mississippi delta.
He's a shy zombie househusband with a passion for fast cars.
He's an immortal moralistic dog-catcher on the edge.
He's an immortal Amish librarian who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an immortal voodoo werewolf who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an immortal guitar-strumming card sharp living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an underprivileged sweet-toothed cyborg on a mission from God.
He's an oversexed umbrella-wielding gangster on a mission from God.
He's a fiendish native American paramedic on a mission from God.
He's a hate-fuelled misogynist househusband on a mission from God.
He's a hate-fuelled bohemian househusband on a mission from God.
He's a superhumanly strong drug-addicted photographer on a search for his missing sister.
He's a time-tossed shark-wrestling gentleman spy on a mission from God.
He's an oversexed ninja hairdresser on a mission from God.
He's a fast talking gay Green Beret on a mission from God.
He's an otherworldly sweet-toothed cat burglar on a mission from God.
He's a superhumanly strong zombie librarian on a search for his missing sister.
He's a gun-slinging guitar-strumming shaman on a mission from God.
He's an ungodly ninja dog-catcher on a mission from God. 
He's a fiendish moralistic senator on a mission from God.
He's a fiendish native American barbarian on a mission from God.
He's a hate-fuelled bohemian househusband on a mission from God.
He's a superhumanly strong drug-addicted photographer on a search for his missing sister.
He's a time-tossed shark-wrestling gentleman spy on a mission from God.
He's a benighted devious cat burglar on a mission from God.
He's a time-tossed sweet-toothed card sharp on a mission from God.
He's a maverick white trash assassin on a mission from God.
He's a genetically engineered hunchbacked cat burglar on a mission from God.
He's a scrappy pirate cop on a mission from God.
He's a suave devious barbarian in drag.
He's a one-legged hunchbacked boxer on a mission from God.
He's a genetically engineered sweet-toothed matador on a mission from God.
He's an unconventional hunchbacked card sharp on a mission from God.
He's a fiendish crooked grifter with nothing left to lose.
He's a war-weary drug-addicted househusband with nothing left to lose.
He's a deeply religious bohemian paranormal investigator with nothing left to lose.
He's a scarfaced bohemian inventor with nothing left to lose.
He's a sword-wielding hunchbacked dwarf with nothing left to lose.
He's a fast talking amnesiac jungle king with nothing left to lose.
He's a lounge-singing alcoholic paramedic with nothing left to lose.
He's an underprivileged Catholic librarian with nothing left to lose.
He's an obese Amish gentleman spy with nothing left to lose.
He's a world-famous guerilla jungle king with nothing left to lose.
He's a time-tossed coffee-fuelled shaman with nothing left to lose.
He's an all-American Amish farmboy with nothing left to lose.
He's an obese day-dreaming dog-catcher with nothing left to lose.
He's a sword-wielding native American grifter with nothing left to lose.
He's a jaded zombie gangster who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a suave moralistic grifter who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an old-fashioned one-eyed romance novelist with no name.
He's a suave albino grifter moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an uncontrollable native American barbarian on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's an uncontrollable pirate paramedic on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a genetically engineered neurotic farmboy on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a suave guerilla matador.
He's a benighted hunchbacked waffle chef with a passion for fast cars.
He's a deeply religious devious dwarf with a passion for fast cars.
He's a lounge-singing crooked vampire hunter with a passion for fast cars.
He's a suave small-town Green Beret who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a suave coffee-fuelled hairdresser fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a suave guerilla librarian who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a lounge-singing chivalrous vampire hunter with a passion for fast cars.
He's a maverick overambitious jungle king with a passion for fast cars.
He's an obese shark-wrestling cyborg with a passion for fast cars.
He's a suave dishevelled vagrant living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a suave Amish boxer from the Mississippi delta.
He's a suave crooked astronaut with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a hate-fuelled overambitious vampire hunter with a passion for fast cars.
He's a deeply religious devious dwarf with a passion for fast cars.
He's a lounge-singing crooked vampire hunter with a passion for fast cars.
He's a suave small-town Green Beret who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a scrappy native American farmboy with a passion for fast cars.
He's an oversexed crooked farmboy with a passion for fast cars.
He's a globe-trotting drug-addicted Green Beret with a passion for fast cars.
He's a maverick one-eyed gentleman spy with a passion for fast cars.
He's an ungodly skateboarding photographer with a passion for fast cars.
He's a suave Jewish househusband fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a notorious gay vagrant with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a time-tossed Catholic stage actor with a passion for fast cars.
He's a globe-trotting playboy boxer with a passion for fast cars.
He's a scarfaced dishevelled card sharp with a passion for fast cars.
He's a suave native American messiah from the Mississippi delta.
He's a fast talking Jewish dog-catcher with a passion for fast cars.
He's a Nobel prize-winning amnesiac romance novelist moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a shy playboy cyborg on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a superhumanly strong sweet-toothed senator with acid for blood.
He's a superhumanly strong Amish paramedic from the 'hood.
He's a superhumanly strong sweet-toothed senator with acid for blood.
He's a superhumanly strong Amish librarian from the 'hood.
He's a superhumanly strong pirate librarian with a secret.
He's a jaded pirate messiah with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a lonely guitar-strumming paramedic with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a lonely skateboarding photographer with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's an old-fashioned neurotic barbarian with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a globe-trotting drug-addicted romance novelist looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a gun-slinging dishevelled romance novelist with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a benighted bohemian romance novelist who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's an underprivileged skateboarding romance novelist from the Mississippi delta.
He's a fiendish white trash romance novelist for the 21st century.
He's an old-fashioned Jewish romance novelist with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a deeply religious skateboarding romance novelist on the edge.
He's an underprivileged voodoo paranormal investigator who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a globe-trotting sweet-toothed cat burglar who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a genetically engineered drug-addicted hairdresser who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's an obese crooked cyborg who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a deeply religious guerilla assassin who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a leather-clad one-eyed cat burglar who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a benighted vegetarian barbarian who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's an ungodly skateboarding card sharp who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a benighted misogynist jungle king who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a genetically engineered sweet-toothed inventor who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a leather-clad devious waffle chef who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's an obese crooked cyborg who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a scarfaced playboy librarian who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a gun-slinging alcoholic barbarian who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's an underprivileged Catholic astronaut who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a benighted arachnophobic cop who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's an underprivileged moralistic werewolf on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a globe-trotting amnesiac filmmaker on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's an impetuous umbrella-wielding dog-catcher on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a fast talking drug-addicted Green Beret on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's an obese chivalrous astronaut on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a gun-slinging gay boxer on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's an all-American arachnophobic cop on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's an oversexed coffee-fuelled astronaut on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a maverick zombie firefighter on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a world-famous albino househusband on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a fiendish chivalrous jungle king on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a deeply religious hunchbacked werewolf on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a world-famous amnesiac gangster on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's an old-fashioned day-dreaming farmboy on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a lounge-singing one-eyed assassin on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a scrappy soccer-playing dog-catcher on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's an oversexed flyboy hairdresser on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a suave gay paramedic with nothing left to lose.
He's a suave amnesiac romance novelist on a search for his missing sister.
He's a superhumanly strong alcoholic vampire hunter on a mission from God.
He's a bookish vegetarian romance novelist on a mission from God.
He's a deeply religious native American dwarf with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a Nobel prize-winning guerilla messiah with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's an unconventional playboy card sharp with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a world-famous zombie cat burglar with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a globe-trotting Catholic paramedic with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a sword-wielding sweet-toothed shaman with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a genetically engineered voodoo cyborg with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a one-legged pirate boxer with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a fiendish skateboarding photographer with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's an immortal gay shaman who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a scrappy guitar-strumming senator with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's an all-American skateboarding grifter with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's an old-fashioned hunchbacked astronaut with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a scrappy devious cyborg with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's an ungodly Catholic stage actor with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a superhumanly strong devious farmboy with a passion for fast cars.
He's a world-famous zombie romance novelist with a passion for fast cars.
He's a world-famous zombie romance novelist with a passion for fast cars.
He's a superhumanly strong misogynist romance novelist looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a superhumanly strong soccer-playing cat burglar on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a war-weary alcoholic romance novelist with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
