He's a jaded arachnophobic werewolf plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's an old-fashioned one-eyed cyborg plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a scrappy skateboarding firefighter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a fast talking white trash grifter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's an uncontrollable playboy assassin looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's an uncontrollable small-town farmboy haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an immortal neurotic ex-con from a doomed world.
He's a shy skateboarding vagrant looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a suicidal Republican cat burglar with acid for blood.
He's a leather-clad white trash card sharp gone bad.
He's a time-tossed soccer-playing boxer looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a sword-wielding Republican messiah who believes he can never love again.
He's a one-legged umbrella-wielding stage actor whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a jaded chivalrous cowboy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a witless flyboy cowboy on the wrong side of the law.
He's a leather-clad ninja dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an old-fashioned neurotic librarian moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an uncontrollable misogynist househusband on the edge.
He's a lonely sweet-toothed vagrant who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a lonely Catholic paramedic on the run.
He's an all-American neurotic jungle king in a wheelchair.
He's a fiendish misogynist photographer in drag.
He's a witless coffee-fuelled werewolf in drag.
He's an underprivileged drug-addicted barbarian in drag.
He's a benighted coffee-fuelled cowboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a hate-fuelled overambitious astronaut who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an all-American bohemian librarian moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a globe-trotting skateboarding stage actor moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a suicidal umbrella-wielding vagrant on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a suave skateboarding Green Beret on the wrong side of the law.
He's an obese small-town vampire hunter on the run.
He's an unconventional native American cop possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's an otherworldly skateboarding gentleman spy on the edge.
He's a lounge-singing hunchbacked astronaut with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a scrappy crooked hairdresser on his last day in the job.
He's an ungodly chivalrous paranormal investigator with acid for blood.
He's an unconventional moralistic paranormal investigator for the 21st century.
He's a deeply religious devious cyborg on the edge.
He's a bookish white trash sorceror.
He's a scrappy devious assassin looking for 'the Big One'.
He's a bookish day-dreaming paranormal investigator who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a superhumanly strong playboy cat burglar who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a hate-fuelled bohemian househusband on a mission from God.
He's a superhumanly strong drug-addicted photographer on a search for his missing sister.
He's a time-tossed shark-wrestling gentleman spy on a mission from God.
He's a deeply religious devious dwarf with a passion for fast cars.
He's a lounge-singing crooked vampire hunter with a passion for fast cars.
He's a suave small-town Green Beret who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a superhumanly strong sweet-toothed senator with acid for blood.
He's an obese crooked cyborg who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a world-famous zombie romance novelist with a passion for fast cars.
