She's an enchanted wisecracking pearl diver living on borrowed time. 
She's a green-fingered mutant widow prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's an orphaned tomboy hooker with an incredible destiny. 
She's a radical wisecracking vampire with an incredible destiny. 
She's a mentally unstable tempestuous advertising executive in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a cynical wisecracking femme fatale with a knack for trouble. 
She's a radical psychic bounty hunter from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a time-travelling African-American detective with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a chain-smoking French-Canadian magician's assistant with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a beautiful nymphomaniac doctor with an incredible destiny. 
She's a blind Buddhist mercenary living on borrowed time. 
She's a psychotic green-skinned opera singer from Mars. 
She's a psychotic streetsmart bodyguard from beyond the grave 
She's a manipulative communist femme fatale prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a supernatural kleptomaniac widow from out of town. 
She's a chain-smoking hip-hop snake charmer who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a psychotic hip-hop mechanic from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a cosmopolitan goth politician married to the Mob. 
She's a mentally unstable French-Canadian museum curator living on borrowed time. 
She's a man-hating Bolivian magician's assistant who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a cosmopolitan junkie safe cracker in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a hard-bitten impetuous barmaid with an evil twin sister. 
She's a high-kicking communist advertising executive living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a radical gold-digging fairy princess with a knack for trouble. 
She's a mistrustful streetsmart journalist who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's an orphaned snooty detective in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a vivacious impetuous wrestler looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's an elegant insomniac schoolgirl with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a scantily clad winged barmaid with only herself to blame. 
She's an elegant blonde femme fatale in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a cold-hearted thirtysomething hooker on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a foxy thirtysomething nun with only herself to blame. 
She's a sarcastic paranoid soap star with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a disco-crazy goth snake charmer looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a time-travelling punk bounty hunter in the witness protection scheme. 
She's an elegant African-American queen of the dead trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a strong-willed African-American advertising executive with an evil twin sister. 
She's a virginal cat-loving schoolgirl who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a cynical junkie single mother in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a provocative winged safe cracker from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a violent nymphomaniac traffic cop with a knack for trouble. 
She's a brilliant streetsmart stripper with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a vivacious winged traffic cop from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a warm-hearted belly-dancing cab driver who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a hard-bitten punk soap star with an incredible destiny. 
She's a plucky goth lawyer in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a blind cat-loving soap star on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a cold-hearted tempestuous mermaid who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a manipulative bisexual fairy princess who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a strong-willed impetuous Valkyrie prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a sarcastic foul-mouthed bodyguard with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's an enchanted insomniac politician with a knack for trouble.
She's an elegant insomniac mechanic in the witness protection scheme.
She's a bloodthirsty Buddhist safe cracker operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a green-fingered insomniac research scientist with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a strong-willed renegade opera singer living on borrowed time.
She's a cold-hearted blonde safe cracker from out of town.
She's a cynical Buddhist mermaid with only herself to blame.
She's a scantily clad renegade Valkyrie from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a time-travelling foul-mouthed fairy princess with the power to see death.
She's a virginal hypochondriac archaeologist descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a hard-bitten communist mechanic married to the Mob.
She's a vivacious insomniac stripper with an evil twin sister.
She's a cynical hypochondriac former first lady with a knack for trouble.
She's a hard-bitten thirtysomething stripper who don't take no shit from nobody.
She's a virginal gypsy mercenary from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a warm-hearted motormouth pearl diver from out of town.
She's a chain-smoking French-Canadian single mother with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a mistrustful impetuous femme fatale prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She's a transdimensional tempestuous Hell's Angel with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's a scantily clad cat-loving barmaid with an incredible destiny.
She's a warm-hearted hip-hop bodyguard from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a vivacious communist hooker with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a high-kicking mute opera singer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She's a hard-bitten winged queen of the dead from aristocratic European stock.
She's a supernatural wisecracking barmaid from a different time and place.
She's a ditzy wisecracking opera singer fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's an enchanted gypsy fairy princess living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a green-fingered hip-hop single mother descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a strong-willed blonde hooker who can talk to animals.
She's a cold-hearted African-American bodyguard who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a chain-smoking nymphomaniac vampire with an incredible destiny.
She's an artistic kleptomaniac advertising executive with only herself to blame.
She's a chain-smoking tomboy hooker with an evil twin sister.
She's a high-kicking streetsmart lawyer from out of town.
She's a green-fingered African-American politician with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's a hard-bitten snooty research scientist who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She's an orphaned psychic museum curator from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a ditzy African-American femme fatale with an evil twin sister.
She's a disco-crazy out-of-work Hell's Angel with the power to bend men's minds.
She's a beautiful African-American snake charmer from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a violent belly-dancing museum curator with a flame-thrower.
She's a transdimensional foul-mouthed advertising executive from out of town.
She's a mentally unstable gypsy barmaid with an incredible destiny.
She's a disco-crazy thirtysomething college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a man-hating Bolivian vampire from a different time and place.
She's a sharp-shooting streetsmart advertising executive from out of town.
She's a tortured motormouth college professor on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's an orphaned streetsmart barmaid on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a mentally unstable cigar-chomping wrestler on the trail of a serial killer.She's an orphaned punk schoolgirl with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a vivacious paranoid nun from a different time and place. 
She's a mentally unstable punk advertising executive with someone else's memories. 
She's a cold-hearted gypsy college professor from Mars. 
She's a scantily clad green-skinned hooker from out of town. 
She's a supernatural foul-mouthed nun with a flame-thrower. 
She's a violent winged research scientist with someone else's memories. 
She's a mistrustful gold-digging Valkyrie with an incredible destiny. 
She's an artistic cat-loving schoolgirl with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a supernatural renegade opera singer with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a supernatural gold-digging safe cracker from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a mistrustful bisexual lawyer with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a plucky insomniac vampire trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a high-kicking psychic snake charmer with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a ditzy goth soap star with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a brilliant extravagent schoolgirl looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a wealthy renegade nun from out of town. 
She's a mistrustful cigar-chomping mermaid from a different time and place. 
She's a cold-hearted extravagent hooker with a flame-thrower. 
She's an artistic nymphomaniac journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a bloodthirsty mutant detective from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's an enchanted renegade pearl diver looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a radical mute snake charmer with a flame-thrower. 
She's a radical blonde doctor with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a manipulative wisecracking socialite with someone else's memories. 
She's a transdimensional hypochondriac detective from beyond the grave 
She's a supernatural gold-digging politician who can talk to animals. 
She's an artistic tempestuous single mother who can talk to animals. 
She's a blind green-skinned stripper living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a sharp-shooting green-skinned detective who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a transdimensional mutant bodyguard in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a cosmopolitan motormouth snake charmer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a man-hating impetuous pearl diver in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a disco-crazy gold-digging cab driver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a warm-hearted nymphomaniac lawyer with a knack for trouble. 
She's a blind nymphomaniac magician's assistant from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a hard-bitten belly-dancing barmaid trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a hard-bitten paranoid single mother from beyond the grave 
She's a beautiful bisexual vampire operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a strong-willed gold-digging mechanic who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a radical green-skinned barmaid looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a foxy gypsy mermaid who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a scantily clad winged pearl diver with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a mentally unstable nymphomaniac snake charmer on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a provocative green-skinned safe cracker married to the Mob. 
She's a green-fingered communist vampire who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a high-kicking gold-digging vampire with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a manipulative punk magician's assistant with an evil twin sister. 
She's an orphaned insomniac queen of the dead from out of town. 
She's a plucky nymphomaniac advertising executive from Mars. 
She's a man-hating out-of-work stripper fleeing from a Satanic cult.

She's a man-hating motormouth archaeologist with an MBA from Harvard.

She's a mentally unstable green-skinned magician's assistant who can talk to animals.

She's a beautiful renegade wrestler married to the Mob.

She's a cosmopolitan foul-mouthed bounty hunter who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.

She's a vivacious communist fairy princess fleeing from a Satanic cult.

She's a high-kicking impetuous opera singer with an evil twin sister.

She's an enchanted tomboy museum curator from beyond the grave
She's a beautiful out-of-work nun with a knack for trouble.

She's a supernatural cat-loving opera singer trying to make a difference in a man's world.

She's a cold-hearted Bolivian mermaid who dreams of becoming Elvis.

She's a brilliant bisexual lawyer in the wrong place at the wrong time.

She's a mistrustful hypochondriac doctor from out of town.

She's a ditzy red-headed journalist operating on the wrong side of the law.

She's a hard-bitten hip-hop archaeologist with an evil twin sister.

She's a hard-bitten out-of-work femme fatale who can talk to animals.

She's a sharp-shooting antique-collecting Valkyrie with the power to see death.

She's an elegant impetuous mercenary descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a vivacious paranoid archaeologist operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a foxy insomniac mechanic from a secret island of warrior women.

She's a strong-willed tomboy archaeologist with an incredible destiny.

She's a cynical winged magician's assistant with someone else's memories.

She's a bloodthirsty thirtysomething hooker with someone else's memories.

She's a man-hating French-Canadian queen of the dead who can talk to animals.

She's a cold-hearted gypsy bodyguard descended from a line of powerful witches.

She's a mistrustful streetsmart archaeologist with a flame-thrower.

She's a sarcastic French-Canadian hooker with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.

She's a man-hating hip-hop soap star with an evil twin sister.
She's a blind blonde angel who can talk to animals.

She's a sharp-shooting kleptomaniac cab driver fleeing from a Satanic cult.

She's a cold-hearted French-Canadian single mother from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a hard-bitten foul-mouthed mermaid with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's a foxy foul-mouthed hooker with an incredible destiny.
She's a cosmopolitan extravagent archaeologist in the witness protection scheme.
She's an elegant streetsmart pearl diver from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a cold-hearted wisecracking mercenary with only herself to blame.
She's a mistrustful snooty magician's assistant with the power to bend men's minds.
She's a transdimensional mute traffic cop with an incredible destiny.
She's a chain-smoking red-headed magician's assistant with an evil twin sister.
She's a radical tempestuous nun from a different time and place.
She's a blind out-of-work mercenary fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's an enchanted nymphomaniac bounty hunter from beyond the grave
.
She's a plucky goth single mother with a knack for trouble.

She's a supernatural tempestuous vampire looking for love in all the wrong places.

She's a sarcastic psychic mermaid living homeless in New York's sewers.

She's a sharp-shooting motormouth wrestler prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.

She's a sharp-shooting foul-mouthed college professor living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a supernatural renegade cab driver from beyond the grave
She's a ditzy mutant safe cracker from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a radical renegade bounty hunter married to the Mob.
She's a warm-hearted wisecracking mermaid who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a cynical paranoid lawyer with the power to bend men's minds.
She's a scantily clad snooty mechanic who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a virginal blonde widow descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a radical communist doctor from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a scantily clad mutant former first lady operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a bloodthirsty French-Canadian politician operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a pregnant tomboy socialite with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a scantily clad cat-loving Valkyrie with someone else's memories.
She's a brilliant Buddhist fairy princess living on borrowed time.
She's a chain-smoking green-skinned research scientist who can talk to animals.
She's a green-fingered gypsy journalist operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a green-fingered Bolivian Hell's Angel with an incredible destiny.
She's a mentally unstable bisexual museum curator with the power to bend men's minds.
She's a psychotic green-skinned Valkyrie with someone else's memories.
She's a time-travelling communist mermaid descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a wealthy punk research scientist with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a sarcastic mute cab driver with a knack for trouble.
She's a cold-hearted gypsy politician fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a chain-smoking junkie wrestler who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She's a strong-willed gold-digging politician living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a ditzy hypochondriac safe cracker who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a wealthy African-American detective who don't take no shit from nobody.
She's a violent impetuous Valkyrie who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a sharp-shooting French-Canadian Hell's Angel with an incredible destiny.
She's a time-travelling psychic queen of the dead who don't take no shit from nobody.
She's a violent mutant snake charmer with an incredible destiny.
She's a pregnant communist widow on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a time-travelling out-of-work former first lady with only herself to blame.
She's a chain-smoking tomboy angel with the power to see death.
She's a supernatural bisexual Hell's Angel living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a sarcastic out-of-work safe cracker with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a foxy red-headed widow in the witness protection scheme.
She's a plucky Bolivian museum curator who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a strong-willed streetsmart femme fatale who can talk to animals.
She's a tortured renegade magician's assistant fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's an elegant gold-digging doctor with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a pregnant communist wrestler living on borrowed time.
She's a warm-hearted junkie pearl diver married to the Mob.
She's a blind bisexual doctor who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a supernatural tempestuous former first lady operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a bloodthirsty streetsmart cab driver looking for love in all the wrong places.
She's a ditzy Bolivian lawyer with someone else's memories.
She's a brilliant gold-digging lawyer on the trail of a serial killer.
She's an orphaned hip-hop magician's assistant who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a scantily clad impetuous opera singer living on borrowed time.
She's a sarcastic out-of-work wrestler trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's an orphaned cat-loving schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
She's a virginal kleptomaniac fairy princess with a knack for trouble
She's a brilliant renegade Hell's Angel with someone else's memories
She's a hard-bitten out-of-work barmaid who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
She's a scantily clad psychic wrestler prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
She's a cynical winged detective from beyond the grave They fight crime!
She's a sarcastic insomniac soap star living on borrowed time
She's a mentally unstable motormouth snake charmer with an incredible destiny
She's an orphaned goth mechanic from the wrong side of the tracks
She's a hard-bitten cat-loving bodyguard with her own daytime radio talk show
She's a mentally unstable nymphomaniac femme fatale in the witness protection scheme
She's a provocative winged single mother with a flame-thrower
She's a mistrustful gypsy detective with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
She's a high-kicking cigar-chomping lawyer on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
She's a virginal wisecracking Valkyrie with an evil twin sister
She's an elegant thirtysomething Hell's Angel in the wrong place at the wrong time
She's a sharp-shooting thirtysomething soap star with the power to see death
She's a radical mute college professor from Mars
She's a cosmopolitan communist femme fatale with only herself to blame
She's a supernatural bisexual research scientist who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
She's a mentally unstable snooty former first lady on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
She's a cold-hearted belly-dancing research scientist who dreams of becoming Elvis
She's a sarcastic renegade mercenary who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
She's a wealthy French-Canadian nun from a secret island of warrior women
She's a mistrustful mute Valkyrie with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
She's a provocative mutant politician living homeless in New York's sewers
She's a provocative gold-digging soap star who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
She's a violent kleptomaniac mercenary living homeless in New York's sewers
She's a virginal mutant safe cracker operating on the wrong side of the law
She's a bloodthirsty foul-mouthed magician's assistant with an incredible destiny
She's a plucky belly-dancing single mother who can talk to animals
She's a plucky blonde widow from out of town
She's a bloodthirsty goth femme fatale with someone else's memories
She's a radical insomniac former first lady with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a pregnant cat-loving vampire with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
She's a psychotic French-Canadian soap star married to the Mob
She's a cold-hearted out-of-work socialite on the trail of a serial killer
She's a ditzy green-skinned hooker who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
She's an artistic wisecracking college professor from Mars
She's a transdimensional insomniac schoolgirl who can talk to animals
She's an elegant thirtysomething detective from a different time and place
She's a beautiful snooty mercenary from out of town
She's a pregnant antique-collecting bodyguard with a knack for trouble
She's a foxy tempestuous former first lady from a family of eight older brothers
She's a green-fingered snooty wrestler with a knack for trouble
She's a cold-hearted gypsy angel with a flame-thrower
She's a time-travelling goth politician who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
She's a tortured goth research scientist who dreams of becoming Elvis
She's a chain-smoking communist schoolgirl from out of town
She's a plucky French-Canadian college professor looking for love in all the wrong places
She's a tortured punk mermaid fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a radical gypsy research scientist with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a provocative red-headed magician's assistant with an incredible destiny.
She's a vivacious hip-hop safe cracker with only herself to blame.
She's a hard-bitten gold-digging archaeologist from Mars.
She's a high-kicking insomniac socialite in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She's a man-hating insomniac stripper who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a blind insomniac cab driver with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a psychotic junkie schoolgirl from out of town.
She's a scantily clad Buddhist politician with someone else's memories.
She's a pregnant winged archaeologist in the witness protection scheme.
She's a green-fingered belly-dancing former first lady in the witness protection scheme.
She's a blind African-American Hell's Angel living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a tortured French-Canadian bounty hunter with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a blind tomboy socialite in the witness protection scheme.
She's a supernatural punk magician's assistant on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a psychotic renegade traffic cop with a knack for trouble.
She's a hard-bitten cat-loving politician with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a high-kicking tempestuous doctor prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She's a cosmopolitan insomniac research scientist descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a strong-willed punk former first lady trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's a warm-hearted mutant bounty hunter looking for love in all the wrong places.
She's a psychotic insomniac research scientist from Mars.
She's a foxy mute barmaid fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a provocative winged archaeologist with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
She's a bloodthirsty extravagent widow living on borrowed time.
She's a psychotic blonde detective with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a hard-bitten hypochondriac archaeologist with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a chain-smoking green-skinned angel with an evil twin sister.
She's a vivacious Bolivian Valkyrie from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a sarcastic belly-dancing wrestler in the witness protection scheme.
She's a disco-crazy extravagent femme fatale with an evil twin sister.
She's a cynical nymphomaniac bodyguard married to the Mob.
She's an orphaned impetuous fairy princess with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's a blind snooty doctor fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a sarcastic red-headed angel who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a cold-hearted Bolivian college professor with only herself to blame.
She's a time-travelling tempestuous college professor in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She's an elegant hip-hop detective on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's a violent cat-loving fairy princess on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a blind extravagent magician's assistant fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a green-fingered winged mermaid from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a scantily clad tomboy nun who can talk to animals.
She's a blind foul-mouthed wrestler from Mars.
She's a pregnant cat-loving lawyer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a psychotic cat-loving nun on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a mentally unstable communist mechanic in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She's a radical tempestuous journalist on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's a cosmopolitan mutant stripper with someone else's memories.
She's an artistic tomboy advertising executive trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's a sarcastic belly-dancing former first lady with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's an orphaned nymphomaniac mermaid operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a strong-willed Bolivian Valkyrie with an incredible destiny. 
She's a sarcastic hip-hop museum curator from Mars. 
She's a sarcastic French-Canadian femme fatale in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a disco-crazy mutant opera singer living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's an elegant gypsy mercenary with someone else's memories. 
She's a green-fingered psychic museum curator from beyond the grave 
She's an elegant green-skinned research scientist with the power to see death. 
She's a pregnant hypochondriac pearl diver with a flame-thrower. 
She's an elegant tempestuous archaeologist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a disco-crazy gypsy hooker looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a cold-hearted cat-loving hooker trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a blind junkie journalist from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a strong-willed antique-collecting soap star trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a plucky cigar-chomping nun operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a blind paranoid snake charmer from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a vivacious French-Canadian nun prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a warm-hearted tempestuous safe cracker on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a transdimensional hypochondriac traffic cop with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a chain-smoking snooty single mother living on borrowed time. 
She's a manipulative impetuous snake charmer with a knack for trouble. 
She's an elegant snooty bounty hunter on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a cynical mute mermaid from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a warm-hearted mutant single mother in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a strong-willed bisexual archaeologist on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a hard-bitten mutant cab driver from a different time and place. 
She's a psychotic tomboy journalist from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a vivacious impetuous detective trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a plucky French-Canadian mermaid looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a warm-hearted tempestuous soap star operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a man-hating wisecracking opera singer living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a violent African-American soap star from out of town. 
She's a supernatural green-skinned soap star prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a disco-crazy paranoid opera singer living on borrowed time. 
She's a hard-bitten mutant mercenary who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a virginal green-skinned journalist on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a cosmopolitan antique-collecting barmaid with only herself to blame. 
She's a mentally unstable cigar-chomping wrestler from out of town. 
She's a disco-crazy psychic Hell's Angel from a different time and place. 
She's a chain-smoking wisecracking snake charmer from Mars. 
She's a transdimensional motormouth barmaid from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a chain-smoking blonde queen of the dead with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a ditzy cigar-chomping politician with only herself to blame. 
She's a disco-crazy communist widow fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a mistrustful blonde widow operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a time-travelling bisexual cab driver in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a psychotic tempestuous widow with only herself to blame. 
She's an elegant punk politician on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a radical hip-hop Valkyrie from a secret island of warrior women. She's a bloodthirsty Buddhist hooker from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a tortured motormouth widow married to the Mob. 
She's an elegant punk college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a radical psychic magician's assistant with only herself to blame. 
She's a manipulative mute research scientist from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's an enchanted wisecracking research scientist with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a bloodthirsty goth safe cracker on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's an artistic impetuous soap star from a different time and place. 
She's an elegant hip-hop widow trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a radical bisexual snake charmer with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a plucky Bolivian cab driver prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a bloodthirsty Bolivian advertising executive who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a violent hip-hop bodyguard with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a mentally unstable tempestuous fairy princess living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a provocative psychic soap star from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's an elegant communist widow looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's an artistic wisecracking museum curator fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a tortured mute hooker with a flame-thrower. 
She's a vivacious insomniac lawyer fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a cynical nymphomaniac schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's an orphaned paranoid fairy princess with a flame-thrower. 
She's a cold-hearted bisexual pearl diver from beyond the grave 
She's a tortured belly-dancing bodyguard with only herself to blame. 
She's a time-travelling nymphomaniac mercenary from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a hard-bitten streetsmart bodyguard from out of town. 
She's a provocative mute queen of the dead from out of town. 
She's a hard-bitten blonde research scientist descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a warm-hearted cigar-chomping archaeologist with a flame-thrower. 
She's a virginal tempestuous mermaid with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a violent communist hooker with an evil twin sister. 
She's a plucky extravagent bodyguard with an incredible destiny. 
She's a radical cigar-chomping archaeologist operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a scantily clad paranoid archaeologist with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a supernatural French-Canadian wrestler from out of town. 
She's a green-fingered paranoid mermaid on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a provocative belly-dancing lawyer descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's an artistic kleptomaniac single mother from Mars. 
She's a foxy insomniac queen of the dead who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a bloodthirsty paranoid hooker who can talk to animals. 
She's a bloodthirsty nymphomaniac politician who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a wealthy hypochondriac magician's assistant with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a transdimensional gold-digging vampire living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a radical out-of-work Hell's Angel married to the Mob. 
She's a sarcastic punk single mother with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a hard-bitten snooty doctor who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's an artistic snooty mermaid with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a chain-smoking wisecracking cab driver descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a hard-bitten red-headed angel who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a radical junkie nun who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a cold-hearted thirtysomething socialite with an incredible destiny. 
She's an orphaned cat-loving schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
She's a virginal kleptomaniac fairy princess with a knack for trouble
She's a brilliant renegade Hell's Angel with someone else's memories
She's a hard-bitten out-of-work barmaid who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
She's a scantily clad psychic wrestler prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
She's a cynical winged detective from beyond the grave They fight crime!
She's a sarcastic insomniac soap star living on borrowed time
She's a mentally unstable motormouth snake charmer with an incredible destiny
She's an orphaned goth mechanic from the wrong side of the tracks
She's a hard-bitten cat-loving bodyguard with her own daytime radio talk show
She's a mentally unstable nymphomaniac femme fatale in the witness protection scheme
She's a provocative winged single mother with a flame-thrower
She's a mistrustful gypsy detective with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
She's a high-kicking cigar-chomping lawyer on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
She's a virginal wisecracking Valkyrie with an evil twin sister
She's an elegant thirtysomething Hell's Angel in the wrong place at the wrong time
She's a sharp-shooting thirtysomething soap star with the power to see death
She's a radical mute college professor from Mars
She's a cosmopolitan communist femme fatale with only herself to blame
She's a supernatural bisexual research scientist who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
She's a mentally unstable snooty former first lady on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
She's a cold-hearted belly-dancing research scientist who dreams of becoming Elvis
She's a sarcastic renegade mercenary who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
She's a wealthy French-Canadian nun from a secret island of warrior women
She's a mistrustful mute Valkyrie with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
She's a provocative mutant politician living homeless in New York's sewers
She's a provocative gold-digging soap star who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
She's a violent kleptomaniac mercenary living homeless in New York's sewers
She's a virginal mutant safe cracker operating on the wrong side of the law
She's a bloodthirsty foul-mouthed magician's assistant with an incredible destiny
She's a plucky belly-dancing single mother who can talk to animals
She's a plucky blonde widow from out of town
She's a bloodthirsty goth femme fatale with someone else's memories
She's a radical insomniac former first lady with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a pregnant cat-loving vampire with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
She's a psychotic French-Canadian soap star married to the Mob
She's a cold-hearted out-of-work socialite on the trail of a serial killer
She's a ditzy green-skinned hooker who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
She's an artistic wisecracking college professor from Mars
She's a transdimensional insomniac schoolgirl who can talk to animals
She's an elegant thirtysomething detective from a different time and place
She's a beautiful snooty mercenary from out of town
She's a pregnant antique-collecting bodyguard with a knack for trouble
She's a foxy tempestuous former first lady from a family of eight older brothers
She's a green-fingered snooty wrestler with a knack for trouble
She's a cold-hearted gypsy angel with a flame-thrower
She's a time-travelling goth politician who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
She's a tortured goth research scientist who dreams of becoming Elvis
She's a chain-smoking communist schoolgirl from out of town
She's a plucky French-Canadian college professor looking for love in all the wrong places
She's a vivacious red-headed wrestler with an evil twin sister
 She's an artistic paranoid angel with an evil twin sister
 She's a psychotic belly-dancing mercenary on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's a mentally unstable goth femme fatale with an MBA from Harvard
 She's a manipulative nymphomaniac lawyer operating on the wrong side of the law
 She's a sarcastic out-of-work vampire in the wrong place at the wrong time
 She's a transdimensional impetuous magician's assistant married to the Mob
 She's a strong-willed thirtysomething safe cracker prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
 She's a strong-willed red-headed journalist living homeless in New York's sewers
 She's a brilliant punk barmaid with a flame-thrower
 She's a supernatural punk femme fatale from Mars
 She's a cosmopolitan belly-dancing bounty hunter fleeing from a Satanic cult
 She's a mistrustful streetsmart research scientist from a secret island of warrior women
 She's a pregnant Bolivian stripper from the wrong side of the tracks
 She's a sharp-shooting punk archaeologist with the soul of a mighty warrior
 She's a blind goth safe cracker from the wrong side of the tracks
 She's a supernatural winged Valkyrie from Mars
 She's a manipulative punk queen of the dead living homeless in New York's sewers
 She's a sharp-shooting cigar-chomping safe cracker living on borrowed time
 She's a plucky belly-dancing bounty hunter on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's a mentally unstable Bolivian barmaid who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
 She's a blind gypsy queen of the dead with an evil twin sister
 She's a beautiful impetuous pearl diver married to the Mob
 She's an elegant foul-mouthed barmaid with someone else's memories
 She's an enchanted winged schoolgirl descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a cold-hearted red-headed museum curator with the power to see death
 She's a strong-willed belly-dancing safe cracker with the soul of a mighty warrior
 She's a radical punk former first lady from aristocratic European stock
 She's a manipulative thirtysomething pearl diver with an MBA from Harvard
 She's a cynical mute mercenary with an incredible destiny
 She's a beautiful insomniac cab driver in the witness protection scheme
 She's a provocative renegade mechanic with the power to see death
 She's a sharp-shooting gypsy wrestler from out of town
 She's a supernatural belly-dancing Hell's Angel from a different time and place
 She's a time-travelling kleptomaniac widow from a family of eight older brothers
 She's a supernatural winged archaeologist operating on the wrong side of the law
 She's a plucky gold-digging barmaid with the power to see death
 She's a mentally unstable tomboy mechanic from aristocratic European stock
 She's a psychotic renegade archaeologist living on borrowed time
 She's a virginal hypochondriac hooker from a family of eight older brothers
 She's a psychotic cat-loving advertising executive with a flame-thrower
 She's a tortured gold-digging research scientist with an evil twin sister
 She's a supernatural wisecracking college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior
 She's a green-fingered impetuous vampire who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
 She's a bloodthirsty gold-digging mechanic trying to make a difference in a man's world
 She's a pregnant blonde socialite with an incredible destiny
 She's a cynical renegade magician's assistant with her own daytime radio talk show
 She's a manipulative green-skinned barmaid with someone else's memories
 She's a green-fingered impetuous safe cracker from a secret island of warrior women
 She's an elegant bisexual femme fatale prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
She's a high-kicking streetsmart stripper who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
 She's a bloodthirsty cigar-chomping mermaid fleeing from a Satanic cult.
 She's a bloodthirsty cat-loving lawyer on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
 She's a sarcastic hypochondriac opera singer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 She's a mentally unstable renegade bodyguard married to the Mob.
 She's a high-kicking thirtysomething fairy princess on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
 She's a chain-smoking antique-collecting queen of the dead with the power to see death.
 She's a ditzy cat-loving Hell's Angel from aristocratic European stock.
 She's a transdimensional mute research scientist with an MBA from Harvard.
 She's a sharp-shooting cat-loving mechanic who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
 She's a radical gypsy journalist with an MBA from Harvard.
 She's a sharp-shooting hip-hop nun married to the Mob.
 She's a blind Buddhist bounty hunter in the witness protection scheme.
 She's a vivacious thirtysomething safe cracker operating on the wrong side of the law.
 She's a psychotic French-Canadian former first lady with the soul of a mighty warrior.
 She's an artistic extravagent college professor with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
 She's a mentally unstable hip-hop socialite who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 She's a pregnant winged schoolgirl who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 She's a beautiful red-headed mermaid from a family of eight older brothers.
 She's a beautiful kleptomaniac mercenary who can talk to animals.
 She's a provocative tempestuous Hell's Angel on the trail of a serial killer.
 She's a cold-hearted mutant college professor who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
 She's a scantily clad blonde journalist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 She's a sharp-shooting tomboy mermaid who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 She's a mistrustful punk advertising executive from a family of eight older brothers.
 She's a plucky red-headed advertising executive descended from a line of powerful witches.
 She's a ditzy gold-digging barmaid with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
 She's a transdimensional gypsy fairy princess on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
 She's a strong-willed red-headed soap star in the wrong place at the wrong time.
 She's a radical motormouth stripper with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
 She's a vivacious cat-loving fairy princess in the witness protection scheme.
 She's a sarcastic blonde politician with the soul of a mighty warrior.
 She's a warm-hearted out-of-work widow who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
 She's a provocative red-headed traffic cop who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
 She's a disco-crazy antique-collecting mercenary with only herself to blame.
 She's a mentally unstable tomboy archaeologist with a flame-thrower.
 She's a scantily clad out-of-work angel living homeless in New York's sewers.
 She's a ditzy bisexual opera singer operating on the wrong side of the law.
 She's an artistic blonde wrestler from a family of eight older brothers.
 She's a vivacious blonde research scientist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 She's a pregnant African-American research scientist living on borrowed time.
 She's a pregnant goth lawyer operating on the wrong side of the law.
 She's a scantily clad hypochondriac detective with the power to see death.
 She's a foxy cat-loving soap star on the trail of a serial killer.
 She's a wealthy streetsmart Hell's Angel with the power to see death.
 She's a foxy cat-loving bodyguard operating on the wrong side of the law.
 She's a man-hating extravagent magician's assistant with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
 She's a provocative mute fairy princess from a family of eight older brothers.
 She's a wealthy bisexual Hell's Angel who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She's a man-hating tomboy Hell's Angel prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
 She's a radical snooty schoolgirl looking for love in all the wrong places
 She's a sharp-shooting green-skinned museum curator fleeing from a Satanic cult
 She's a hard-bitten African-American Valkyrie with an MBA from Harvard
 She's a manipulative communist nun trying to make a difference in a man's world
 She's an artistic foul-mouthed socialite with her own daytime radio talk show
 She's a manipulative blonde magician's assistant who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a chain-smoking motormouth femme fatale who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a vivacious cigar-chomping pearl diver looking for love in all the wrong places
' She's an elegant cigar-chomping schoolgirl from beyond the grave They fight crime!
 She's a provocative bisexual barmaid from a family of eight older brothers
 She's a beautiful psychic journalist with her own daytime radio talk show
 She's a vivacious communist archaeologist in the wrong place at the wrong time
 She's a pregnant gypsy nun looking for love in all the wrong places
' She's a tortured extravagent bounty hunter descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a cosmopolitan punk Valkyrie with an evil twin sister
 She's a bloodthirsty bisexual bounty hunter with only herself to blame
 She's a cold-hearted psychic magician's assistant fleeing from a Satanic cult
 She's a foxy paranoid femme fatale in the witness protection scheme
 She's a psychotic winged socialite who don't take no shit from nobody
 She's a cynical red-headed widow fleeing from a Satanic cult
 She's a bloodthirsty cigar-chomping museum curator living on borrowed time
 She's a foxy green-skinned nun on the trail of a serial killer
 She's a psychotic insomniac wrestler fleeing from a Satanic cult
 She's an artistic mute museum curator with the power to see death
 She's a blind extravagent barmaid in the wrong place at the wrong time
 She's a sarcastic belly-dancing pearl diver from beyond the grave They fight crime!
 She's a cosmopolitan gypsy hooker with the power to bend men's minds
 She's a bloodthirsty belly-dancing widow from Mars
 She's a mistrustful African-American fairy princess living homeless in New York's sewers
 She's a beautiful tempestuous mercenary with an incredible destiny
 She's a sarcastic punk mercenary descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a strong-willed paranoid Valkyrie with only herself to blame
 She's a scantily clad kleptomaniac Valkyrie with her own daytime radio talk show
 She's an enchanted belly-dancing cab driver with her own daytime radio talk show
 She's a violent green-skinned mercenary with only herself to blame
 She's a pregnant hypochondriac politician with a knack for trouble
 She's a hard-bitten junkie schoolgirl from Mars
 She's a disco-crazy kleptomaniac pearl diver on the trail of a serial killer
 She's a provocative snooty traffic cop with only herself to blame
 She's a brilliant Buddhist bodyguard trying to make a difference in a man's world
 She's a psychotic Bolivian mermaid living on borrowed time
 She's a vivacious snooty former first lady with the power to bend men's minds
 She's a beautiful psychic mechanic with a knack for trouble
 She's a time-travelling cat-loving widow in the witness protection scheme
 She's a radical cat-loving soap star with a flame-thrower
 She's a cynical nymphomaniac snake charmer with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's an enchanted African-American mechanic from aristocratic European stock
 She's a pregnant mutant bounty hunter from the wrong side of the tracks
 She's an artistic red-headed angel who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
She's a foxy Buddhist magician's assistant fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a violent insomniac single mother from Mars.
She's a foxy psychic pearl diver who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a warm-hearted gypsy queen of the dead on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's a hard-bitten hypochondriac detective who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She's a plucky blonde hooker from aristocratic European stock.
She's a brilliant extravagent angel married to the Mob.
She's a man-hating extravagent widow fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a virginal hip-hop traffic cop in the witness protection scheme.
She's a beautiful blonde pearl diver with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a supernatural tempestuous pearl diver with the power to see death.
She's a brilliant communist hooker who can talk to animals.
She's an orphaned antique-collecting advertising executive from out of town.
She's a cosmopolitan gold-digging magician's assistant who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She's a transdimensional red-headed former first lady prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She's a mistrustful Buddhist femme fatale with someone else's memories.
She's a blind extravagent cab driver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a disco-crazy impetuous college professor from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a plucky African-American schoolgirl from a different time and place.
She's an elegant tempestuous pearl diver on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's a man-hating tomboy college professor who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She's a pregnant bisexual wrestler from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a wealthy out-of-work bounty hunter with a flame-thrower.
She's a hard-bitten streetsmart advertising executive from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a pregnant red-headed journalist with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a virginal Bolivian bodyguard descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a manipulative gypsy pearl diver operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a violent Bolivian advertising executive who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She's a radical motormouth socialite who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a violent motormouth schoolgirl from MarsShe's a beautiful bisexual angel with an MBA from Harvard.
She's an orphaned tomboy college professor living on borrowed time.
She's a hard-bitten bisexual bounty hunter with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a disco-crazy antique-collecting bounty hunter from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a cynical impetuous femme fatale with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a disco-crazy French-Canadian snake charmer operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a ditzy red-headed single mother who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a mentally unstable blonde traffic cop with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's an artistic mute Valkyrie trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's a strong-willed tempestuous socialite living on borrowed time.
She's a plucky psychic single mother who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a sharp-shooting Bolivian bounty hunter who don't take no shit from nobody.
She's an artistic tempestuous politician with someone else's memories.
She's a mistrustful snooty queen of the dead with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's a hard-bitten foul-mouthed queen of the dead from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a psychotic insomniac magician's assistant on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's a high-kicking cigar-chomping journalist on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a wealthy cigar-chomping archaeologist from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a pregnant extravagent queen of the dead from aristocratic European stock.
She's a hard-bitten cigar-chomping fairy princess with only herself to blameShe's an artistic thirtysomething mechanic trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a scantily clad tempestuous former first lady with only herself to blame. 
She's a blind French-Canadian nun with an incredible destiny. 
She's a man-hating renegade widow with only herself to blame. 
She's a hard-bitten cigar-chomping detective operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a plucky Buddhist detective with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a high-kicking kleptomaniac hooker from a different time and place. 
She's a disco-crazy communist college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a mentally unstable motormouth mechanic with someone else's memories. 
She's a cold-hearted hypochondriac queen of the dead from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a violent bisexual college professor in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a hard-bitten streetsmart snake charmer on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a hard-bitten Bolivian schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a violent green-skinned widow in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a pregnant punk museum curator who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's an elegant belly-dancing fairy princess with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a supernatural hypochondriac research scientist looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a tortured hip-hop angel descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a sharp-shooting nymphomaniac bodyguard trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a time-travelling paranoid cab driver married to the Mob. 
She's a foxy thirtysomething safe cracker who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a strong-willed thirtysomething angel with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's an elegant cat-loving nun with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a high-kicking tempestuous museum curator with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a psychotic wisecracking doctor who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a cynical African-American safe cracker with a flame-thrower. 
She's a tortured blonde queen of the dead with an evil twin sister. 
She's a green-fingered renegade mercenary from beyond the grave 
She's a warm-hearted snooty traffic cop who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a time-travelling green-skinned cab driver from beyond the grave 
She's a vivacious paranoid mechanic descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's an artistic psychic hooker from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a cynical thirtysomething politician with the power to see death. 
She's an elegant cigar-chomping museum curator with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a psychotic snooty single mother with a flame-thrower. 
She's a brilliant junkie bounty hunter from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a radical punk archaeologist looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a warm-hearted hypochondriac soap star from beyond the grave 
She's a pregnant extravagent soap star from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a disco-crazy insomniac barmaid with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a virginal impetuous mermaid with an incredible destiny. 
She's a wealthy insomniac journalist in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a foxy mutant Valkyrie who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's an enchanted mutant former first lady with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's an elegant communist fairy princess from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's an artistic African-American widow from Mars. 
She's a sarcastic blonde Hell's Angel from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a sharp-shooting wisecracking soap star in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a supernatural paranoid bounty hunter who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a man-hating gypsy widow from a family of eight older brothers. She's a cosmopolitan mute archaeologist from a secret island of warrior women.
 She's a scantily clad tomboy magician's assistant who can talk to animals.
 She's an elegant gold-digging archaeologist with an MBA from Harvard.
 She's a hard-bitten gold-digging fairy princess descended from a line of powerful witches.
 She's a blind mute former first lady from beyond the grave
 She's a sharp-shooting tempestuous bounty hunter with someone else's memories.
 She's a mentally unstable belly-dancing stripper prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 She's a disco-crazy hip-hop wrestler married to the Mob.
 She's a disco-crazy tempestuous former first lady looking for love in all the wrong places.
 She's a green-fingered renegade mechanic with an evil twin sister.
 She's a violent communist pearl diver from a different time and place.
 She's a mistrustful bisexual research scientist fleeing from a Satanic cult.
 She's a ditzy streetsmart mermaid from a different time and place.
 She's an enchanted paranoid barmaid from a secret island of warrior women.
 She's a pregnant insomniac wrestler with a flame-thrower.
 She's a wealthy snooty opera singer from a family of eight older brothers.
 She's a plucky French-Canadian mechanic in the witness protection scheme.
 She's a high-kicking nymphomaniac lawyer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
 She's a bloodthirsty streetsmart angel trying to make a difference in a man's world.
 She's a cynical paranoid lawyer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
 She's a brilliant hip-hop safe cracker with someone else's memories.
 She's an orphaned cat-loving Valkyrie from a different time and place.
 She's a man-hating winged lawyer living on borrowed time.
 She's a cold-hearted blonde doctor on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
 She's a psychotic communist soap star with her own daytime radio talk show.
 She's a sharp-shooting gypsy Hell's Angel with an evil twin sister.
 She's a brilliant extravagent hooker with the power to bend men's minds.
 She's a pregnant renegade mermaid with an MBA from Harvard.
 She's a virginal blonde bounty hunter from beyond the grave
 She's a warm-hearted wisecracking single mother trying to make a difference in a man's world.
 She's a virginal psychic archaeologist with the power to see death.
 She's an artistic wisecracking magician's assistant who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
 She's a strong-willed gypsy nun with her own daytime radio talk show.
 She's a bloodthirsty Buddhist bodyguard looking for love in all the wrong places.
 She's a hard-bitten green-skinned schoolgirl with the power to see death.
 She's a foxy tomboy college professor from Mars.
 She's a warm-hearted communist wrestler with the power to see death.
 She's a provocative junkie politician looking for love in all the wrong places.
 She's a sarcastic gold-digging bounty hunter from a secret island of warrior women.
 She's a bloodthirsty hip-hop socialite descended from a line of powerful witches.
 She's a foxy impetuous socialite who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
 She's a high-kicking cat-loving queen of the dead with only herself to blame.
 She's a foxy out-of-work bodyguard who don't take no shit from nobody.
 She's a bloodthirsty antique-collecting journalist from the wrong side of the tracks.
 She's a radical cigar-chomping widow with an evil twin sister.
 She's a bloodthirsty mute barmaid operating on the wrong side of the law.
 She's a manipulative goth soap star prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 She's a pregnant French-Canadian femme fatale on the trail of a serial killer.
 She's a beautiful insomniac hooker with only herself to blame.
 She's a foxy French-Canadian angel in the witness protection scheme.